# UNS-CV Ebro-Class Rio-Grande // 2.21.5014u
The Rio-Grande has been deployed to Cressendium following a recent resupply and rearm whcih also happens to allow them to pick up the newest batch of LANCER recruits it has to offer. It's a calm few weeks abord the ship, re-adjusting to life and familiarizing themselves with it and each other they eventually make thier way back to orbit of Cressidium, the most recent hot-bed of politics and frustration in this part of the belt.

It’s another routine day like any other on this mission when it happens. The latest diplomatic summit has been extended again as negotiations remain at an impasse, and **Ambassador Bannerjee** has requested that **Captain Farris** join them down on the planet to give a speech or two and meet with some of the delegates in the hopes that a new face and fresh perspective might help shift some attitudes. She’s been down there for several days now, and the XO, 1st Lt. Kim, has command.

“All hands to action stations. I repeat, all hands to action stations. This is not a drill. Set condition 1- Azure, ready away ships for debarkation. All marine and pilot elements, report to your assigned flight decks for briefing and assignment.” 

“As of 1400 hours, we are on combat alert. Several hours ago, we received a transmission from **Ambassador Bannerjee** that civil defense warnings were being sounded across **Nov Elysia**. Then all communications with the surface went dark, and we’ve been unable to raise the ambassador, the captain, or anyone within the local government. Based on orbital flyover imagery gathered by Rio, it appears that **Nov Elysia** is under attack by **Vestan Sovereignty** forces, with significant deployment of  mechanized chassis forces throughout the city.” He waits for a moment to let that news sink in before continuing. “**Cressidium** is not officially a member of Union at this point. Militarily, we aren’t authorized to inter-vene on behalf of the LSA in this conflict, but simply leaving Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee to ride this out on their own is not an option. As such, after conferring with the other officers aboard this ship, it’s been decided that we will be conducting a rescue operation with the primary objective of first locating, then securing the ambassador and the captain, and safely escorting them to an extraction point. Rules of engagement for this operation are that you are not to engage unless fired upon. Our main priority here is to bring our people home.”