Halcyon-IX: an irradiated, interstellar dumping ground. Buried within this planetwide junkyard, a young Lyall found a barely functioning casket and invited the decayed remnants of a forgotten NHP into his brain. Like a lost dog (whom Lyall affectionately named Hound), it imprinted on him. Together they dreamed of better things and together they left the planet. Scrapping and saving for a one-way Blinkgate trip, they emerged from the other side only to find a lonely station and a far-field team: The Pack. Taken in by a Giovanni Tacone and nicknamed "Lil Pup," Lyall explored the far fringes of Union space for decades (only years to a cosmopolitan) until the group disbanded. Lost again, Lyall was inspired by the stories of his mentor and used his FFT connections to become a Lancer.

Shipped off to Cradle and put through academy, Lyall took the time to learn more about the nature and origin of nonhuman persons, even getting the rare opportunity to personally work with a prime NHP. Until he was deployed to Cressendium. Lumped together with the likes of fellow lost boys Zekka and Kira, and dumped onto "professor-turned-pilot" Sunil Volker, they, alongside the "cursed" NHP pilot Hrathen Durant, formed "The Cavalry." Durant did not survive the initial engagement and Kira was transferred out of the unit. Both were replaced by a "Captain" John Stellars and freelance mercenary Pietro Dragunov. Upon mission success, Lyall took his leave and went back home to do better things, with a little piece of Durant squirreled away in his neural bypass.